[sighs]
[Jules] Does that feel okay?
Yeah. it feels amazing.
[Rue] I don't think you understand
how much I love Jules.
[Townes Van Zandt's
"I'll Be Here In The Morning" playing]
♪ There's no stronger wind
Than the one that blows ♪
♪ Down a lonesome railroad line ♪
♪ No prettier sight than looking back ♪
♪ On a town you left behind ♪
♪ But there is nothing that's as real
As a love that's in my mind ♪
♪ Close your eyes
I'll be here in the morning ♪
I'll be here for a while ♪
♪ Well. there's lots of things along the road
I'd surely like to see ♪
♪ I'd like to lean into the wind
And tell myself I'm free ♪
♪ But your softest whisper's louder
Than the highway's call to me ♪
♪ Close your eyes
I'll be here in the morning ♪
I'll be here for a while ♪
♪ All the mountains and the rivers
And the valleys can't compare ♪
♪ To your blue lit dancing eyes
And yellow shining hair ♪
♪ I could never hit the open road... ♪
How about we hit the hay?
[horse neighs]
♪ Close your eyes
I'll be here in the morning ♪
What are you...
♪ Close your eyes
I'll be here for a while ♪
I'll be here in the morning ♪
[Rue] This may be the greatest thing
that has ever happened to me.
It's also the first time
it's happened to me.
[Jules] Are you sure this feels okay?
Yeah. it's amazing.
[Rue] The only problem is.
I took so many Narcos.
I literally can't feel a fuckin' thing.
Is there anything you want
me to. like. do differently?
Nah. nah. It's amazing.
Rue. you keep saying that.
I know. 'cause this is amazing.
I've been doing it for.
like. 25 straight minutes.
Yeah. and it's amazing.
Wait. did I already say it was amazing?
I'm so fuckin' high.
Don't tell anyone. but she might as well
be going down on my ankle.
Are you. like. close to cumming?
I think so.
Please. God... don't ever let Jules find
out what I'm about to do.
[moaning]
Oh. I'm cumming! Oh.
[high-pitched moaning]
- Rue?
- Yeah?
Did you just fake an orgasm?
What?
No. no. Are you crazy?
That was amazing.
I feel like Rue is too lazy
a person to fake an orgasm.
[Jules] I'm telling you. Elly.
there's no way she makes the sounds
I heard when she actually orgasms.
Like what sounds?
It was like... [chuckles] It was like...
[exaggerated moaning]
I'm cummiiing!
Okay. yeah. yeah.
- It's awful.
- Yeah.
No. it's bad.
Maybe she's just not attracted to me.
Or maybe you suck at eating pussy.
That could be it.
Oh God. that's embarrassing.
[chuckles] No. It's cool.
You're new to the game.
Yeah. but it makes me feel like a guy.
- Why?
- 'Cause guys don't know how to eat pussy.
Oh. my God.
You want me to show you. bro?
- Bitch. I swear to God.
- All right. so check it out.
- Pretend this is your pussy. right?
- What are you-- Oh. [chuckles]
- Ooh.
- Uh-huh. there's that.
Oh. Oh.
And also...
Wow.
[both chuckling]
See? Just like that. Here. try me.
- Try mine.
- You sure?
Yeah. No. it's my hand.
not my pussy. It's okay.
Go ahead. Do your thing.
Just like I taught you.
Yeah. but then point your tongue.
Ooh. [faking orgasm]
[giggles]
See? And that's how you make me cum.
And you taste good.
[phone buzzes]
[clears throat]
[grunts]
Uh. Rue's outside.
I'm just gonna tuck my dick
in my waistband.
and. uh...
[panting]
[Mahalia Jackson's "Sometimes I Feel Like
a Motherless Child" playing]
♪ Summertime ♪
♪ And the living is easy ♪
♪ Fish are jumping ♪
You don't know
how much power you have.
I'm not a good person.
I don't like what we're doing.
[Cassie crying]
♪ Oh. your daddy is rich ♪
♪ And your ma is good-looking ♪
♪ So hush. little baby ♪
♪ Don't you cry ♪
♪ One of these mornings ♪
♪ You gonna rise up singing ♪
♪ You gonna hoist your wings
You seem very much at home here.
Would you like a tour?
♪ But till that morning ♪
♪ Nothing will harm you ♪
♪ With daddy and mammy ♪
♪ They'll be standing by ♪
♪ Sometime I feel ♪
♪ Like a motherless child ♪
[Maddy] I feel like you ruined me forever.
[Nate] Why does it sound romantic
when you say it like that?
♪ Like a motherless child ♪
- [Maddy] I love you.
- I love you. too.
♪ Like a motherless child ♪
[all giggling]
[Maddy] Why did you love me?
- [Nate] I still love you.
- But why?
'Cause you're smart and cruel
but not really.
- Not really smart?
- Not really cruel.
It's funny you say that
because it's something that
I didn't really realize
until after we broke up.
Did you know that I loved you?
I'm not talking about obsession
or fighting or fucking.
I'm talking about love.
Did you feel loved by me?
[Mahalia Jackson vocalizing]
I don't know.
♪ So hush. little baby ♪
♪ Don't you cry ♪
[vocalizing]
[Nate] But you knew
I had feelings for Maddy.
But I didn't know you were gonna get
back together with her.
How many times do I have to tell you
that we're not back together?
Right. you just hung out
and talked about love.
Oh. Jesus fuckin' Christ.
If I would've known you
were gonna get back together.
- I wouldn't have done this.
- That's a lie!
It's not a lie.
You have this image of yourself
as so fuckin' sweet
and innocent... but it's bullshit.
If you were a fuckin' sweet person.
you wouldn't have fucked
your best friend's boyfriend.
You two were broken up.
That is a comfort to nobody but you.
I can't do this.
What. you wanna go tell Maddy?
Maybe I will.
You're afraid that
I'm still in love with Maddy.
so you're gonna do whatever
the fuck it takes to destroy that.
This isn't about being
a fuckin' good person. Cassie.
or being a fuckin' good friend.
This is about you getting what you want.
You can fuckin' leave.
or you can get into bed. It's up to you.
You know what you don't realize. Nate?
Is I don't care what happens to me.
I don't care how angry Maddy gets.
You two shouldn't be together.
You're toxic.
- How would you know?
- Because she's my best friend.
and I'm in a relationship with you.
She's not good for you.
you're not good for her.
and I will do everything
I can to prevent it.
Maddy. that's literally fucking insane.
- Madd--Cassie--
- See?!
- This is what I'm talking about!
- I said Maddy because we're
talking about how fucking crazy
Maddy is. which you can't seem
- to fuckin' comprehend.
- No. what you don't understand.
Nate. is I am crazier!
That's not somethin' to be
fuckin' proud of. Cassie!
No. but it is something
you should be scared of.
What the fuck? What the fuck?
You can't fucking blackmail me
into a relationship with you.
Blackmail means you don't have choices.
But in reality. you do have choices.
You just have to own up
to the consequences of them!
That is the literal fucking
definition of blackmail!
- If you don't do this. I'm gonna do that--
- Fine. it's blackmail!
I don't care! It doesn't change anything!
- It's fucked up!
- You know what's fucked up. Nate?
You telling me that you love me.
and then going and being in
a relationship with my best friend!
What the fuck?!
What the fuck is wrong with you?!
Okay.
Bye.
For fuckin'--
Cassie. stop.
I love you.
Did you lose weight?
Do I look different?
- Do I look different?
- I was just wondering.
- Then why would you ask?
- I was just curious.
- Why are you so judgmental?
I wasn't judging you.
You sit on your bed all day
just waiting to criticize me.
That's not true.
- Did you lose weight? Are you depressed?
- Haven't you cleaned your room?
- Ever think about Dad?
- What happened with McKay?
- Where were you last night?
- Shut the fuck up. Grace!
Shut the fuck up. Lexi!
Fine. I'll stop caring.
You're making me feel
like I'm going crazy.
Like I'm... actually fucking crazy.
[gibbers. then screams]
Okay. well. thank you. Next.
[Suze] Any of you snitches
to your parents about this.
your days at the Howard House
are finito burrito.
- [Maddy] Never that. Suze!
- Cheers!
- To my beautiful girls.
♪ Look at the faces
Listen to the bells ♪
♪ It's hard to believe
We need a place called hell ♪
[Cal] What. what?
♪ A place called hell ♪
- Where's Mom?
- Asleep.
♪ The devil inside ♪
Not a care in the world.
I would like to make a toast.
To Nathaniel.
The winner of all winners...
the king of all kings.
the big swingin' dick. Mr. Big Balls...
Huh?
You are a part of me
I will never understand.
But I take full responsibility.
I think I'm gonna go for a drive.
[laughing]
Fuckin' A.
[Cal continues laughing]
Wear a seatbelt.
Okay. Dad.
[phone buzzes]
[Cal continues laughing]
♪ I was dancing in a lesbian bar
Ah-oo. ah-oo ♪
Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
I gotta go to the bathroom.
I think she has a crush on you.
Should we all just fuck?
♪ Well. I was dancing in the lesbian bar ♪
♪ In the industrial zone ♪
♪ I was dancing with my friends ♪
- ♪ And dancing alone ♪
- [door opens]
- ♪ Well. the first bar ♪
- ♪ The first night--
♪ Things were all right ♪
[Rue groans]
♪ But in this bar
Things were Friday night ♪
I also... have to use the restroom.
♪ I was dancing in a lesbian bar
Ah-oo. ah-oo ♪
Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Well. I was dancing in the lesbian bar ♪
♪ Way downtown ♪
♪ I was there to check the scene ♪
♪ And hang around ♪
♪ Well. the first bar ♪
♪ Things were stop and stare ♪
♪ But in this bar
Things were laissez-faire ♪
♪ In the first bar
Things were stop and stare ♪
♪ In this bar. things were laissez faire ♪
♪ I was dancing in a lesbian bar
Ah-oo. ah-oo ♪
Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ In the first bar
Folks were drinking sips ♪
♪ But in this bar
They could shake their hips ♪
That was not 10 seconds.
- Is that a dare?
- Maybe.
- [whispers] We should make her jealous.
- Mm.
- Start the clock.
- Okay. One. two... three.
four. five. six. wow.
seven. eight. nine. ten.
Yep. thank you. Wow. cool.
- That was amazing.
- Oh. Okay. Rue.
[Rue] Yeah. I'm sorry.
Are you jealous?
No. no. I don't get jealous. um...
- Hey. Elliot.
- Yeah.
- Uh. truth or dare?
- Dare.
I dare you to lick from here...
to here.
Wow. your girlfriend is sexy.
♪ Well in the first bar
Things were controlled ♪
Wow. Ooh.
Ooh. Jealous. Rue?
Hm?
Now. that... was fucking amazing.
[Elliot] I think if you guys are gonna keep
up with these lesbian power games...
we should steal some liquor.
[Montell Jordan's
"This Is How We Do It" playing]
That was amazing.
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ Sha. la. la. la. la. la. lo ♪
Oh. I fuckin' love this song.
♪ Shabada. lo. lo. lo. whoa ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
Whoo. bitches!
♪ Trademark on that pussy
Trademarkin' my brand-new bitch ♪
♪ Yeah. duh. hol' up. blood. hol' up. cuh.
Hol' up. sis. huh ♪
♪ LLC the Glock
and I LLC my bitch. huh ♪
- ["This Is How We Do It" playing]
- [girls chattering]
♪ I'm kinda buzzed
And it's all because ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ South Central does it
Like nobody does ♪
[Maddy] C'mon. let's dance.
What's wrong?
C'mon... c'mon.
♪ Let's flip the track
Bring the old school back ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ This is how we do it
All hands are in the air ♪
Do you think Nate's still coming over?
[BB] Um. yeah. that's what Maddy says.
♪ If you're an OG mack
Or a wanna-be player ♪
♪ You see. the hood's been good to me ♪
What's wrong?
I. like... can't fucking stand Ethan.
- I was wondering.
- I don't know. He's. like. sweet.
and. like. something good
finally happens.
and I'm. like.
a million times more miserable.
Well. there's a difference between
what you think you should want.
and what you actually want.
- How do I know what I want?
- You don't.
Then. what's the whole
world always talkin' about?
People are retarded.
No. seriously. people
are fucking retarded.
Maddy. I don't think
you can say that word.
This shit is hard and confusing.
The last thing you need is to feel worse
because you're not feeling something
you're supposed to feel.
You do what feels good to you.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
You know what would feel good?
- What?
- Dancing with me on my birthday.
- Okay.
- Come on.
[Baby Keem's "trademark usa" playing]
♪ Bitch. don't think shit sweet
I'm the same Baby Keem in 48 states ♪
All right. I'm gonna distract the clerk.
you're gonna steal the beer...
- and you do nothing. Cool?
- Word.
- [Elliot] All right. break.
- [Jules] Cool.
Oh. my God! Kramer!
- Dude--
- Comedian. okay. thank you.
Didn't you get canceled for saying. like.
the N-word a bunch of times?
- You know what. man?
- Now you work at
- a convenience store?
- What's up. bro?
Twitter is fucked up.
I've always said that.
...and they're always takin' shit too far.
You know what I mean?
What're you gonna do?
Hey! Hey.
- Kramer. Kramer!
- [beeping]
Too-roo-roo.
How much is this anyway?
Fuckin' motherfucker!
Motherfuckers! Get out of my store!
Don't come back!
- Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck!
- Go. Elliot. let's go!
Go. go. go! Oh. my--
- Oh. my God! Go!
- Oh. my God! Jesus Christ!
Rue!
[Ericdoa's "sad4whattt" playing]
- Hi.
- Is Maddy here?
Yeah.
♪ And these fake changes are bad for us ♪
♪ Can't spend my time catching up
It's bad for us ♪
[Red 7's "Heartbeat" playing]
Ah.
[groans]
♪ I can hear your heartbeat ♪
♪ Knocking on the window ♪
♪ I can feel the weight deep down below ♪
♪ I can hear whispers ♪
- ♪ Coming from the shadows ♪
- Whoo!
- Come on. Whoa!
- [tires screeching]
♪ I can hear your heartbeat ♪
- ♪ Heartbeat. heartbeat ♪
- Whoo!
- ♪ Listen to my heartbeat ♪
- [car horn honks]
[laughing]
- Oh!
- ♪ Heartbeat ♪
Whoo!
[Can's "Vitamin C" playing]
♪ Hey. you ♪
♪ You're losing. you're losing
You're losing ♪
♪ You're losing your vitamin C ♪
♪ I can hear your tiptoe ♪
- ♪ I can hear the door close ♪
- [horn honks]
Yeah! Oh!
♪ Anticipation in me grows ♪
- Woo-hoo!
- [bottle shatters]
Come on. baby!
[Chika Di's "Bailala" playing]
♪ Hey. you ♪
♪ You're losing. you're losing
You're losing ♪
♪ You're losing your vitamin C ♪
♪ Hey. you ♪
You know. you can't drink on that shit.
It's fuckin' dangerous.
- [Rue] It's fine.
- Oh. my God.
♪ You're losing your vitamin C ♪
["Bailala" continues playing]
How are you feeling?
I feel fine. Do I not look fine?
- Woo-hoo!
- [truck horn blares]
Come on. motherfucker!
Fuck you. pal!
- Oh. shit!
- [horn honks]
[laughs] Oh. my God! Whoo!
[Elliot] Yo. could you put
the fuckin' drink down?
- Are you fuckin' drinking?
- Mmm. yeah.
- It's just one drink.
- I don't care. Why are you drinking?
I'm not even into alcohol like that.
- Then why are you drinking it?
- You know. f--
- Elliot. take me the fuck home please.
- Wait...
- Rue--
- Nah. I just--I wanna go home.
No. Rue. I'm. I'm just
saying. like. don't drink.
No. I wanna go home.
- Why? Why?
- Just drop me off.
- Drop me off. please.
- Why?
Because I can't fuckin' stand you.
What?
Yeah. I don't wanna fuckin'--
I don't wanna argue about this shit.
I don't wanna fight.
I'm sick of fuckin' fighting.
I just would rather be home.
[Suze chuckles] You did good. big fella.
Hey. I'm gonna head out
but... happy birthday.
- Why? Don't go.
- Well. I just thought I'd give you guys
- a little bit of girl time.
- That's so sweet.
Nah. you should stay.
[dramatic classical music playing]
[Kat] Wow. that was certainly a choice.
[The Pussycat Dolls "Don't Cha" playing]
♪ Don't cha wish your girlfriend
was raw like me? ♪
was fun like me? ♪
[Lexi] What are you doing. Cassie?
Waiting for the hot tub to get hot.
♪ Fight the feeling ♪
♪ Leave it alone ♪
♪ A new sensation ♪
♪ Dream. baby. dream ♪
♪ Of all that's come and going ♪
[turns off engine]
♪ Maybe getting ♪
♪ Way over my head ♪
♪ Lost in your body ♪
♪ At present tense. past. time behind ♪
♪ And don't fall for the same old line ♪
♪ M-E-T-H-O-D-O-F-L-O-V-E ♪
♪ Don't you know that it's a method of ♪
♪ Modern love ♪
Oh.
♪ I've got the way we work
I've got a way we run ♪
♪ I do believe that I'm inclined... ♪
Whiskey.
Hey. can I have a cigarette?
Thank you. Can I borrow your light?
I'm Cal.
♪ Modern love ♪
♪ M-E-T-H-O-D-O-F-L-O-V-E ♪
♪ I know what you're dreaming of ♪
[Cal] I haven't been here in 25 years.
Hi.
♪ It's a method of modern love ♪
[sighs]
[Sinéad O'Connor's
"Drink Before the War" playing]
♪ Well. you tell us that we're wrong ♪
♪ And you tell us not to sing our song ♪
♪ Nothing we can say will make you see ♪
[sings along]
♪ You got a heart of stone ♪
♪ You can never feel ♪
♪ You say. oh. I'm not afraid
It can't happen to me ♪
♪ I've lived my life as a good man ♪
♪ Oh. no. you're out of your mind ♪
♪ It won't happen to me ♪
♪ 'Cause I've carried my weight
And I've been a strong man ♪
♪ Listen to the man in the liquor store ♪
♪ Yelling
"Anybody wanna drink before the war?" ♪
♪ So stop talking of war ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
We've heard it all before ♪
♪ Why don't you go out there
And do something useful ♪
♪ Oh. listen to the man in the liquor store ♪
♪ He yelling
"Anybody wanna drink before the war?" ♪
♪ And you live in a shell ♪
♪ You create your own hell ♪
♪ You live in the past and talk about war ♪
I thought I lost you.
♪ But it's a life you can save ♪
♪ So stop getting fast
It's not gonna happen ♪
She always like this?
No. but when she drinks. it's just tragic.
[Rue] Just. just drop me off.
Can you just. just pull.
just pull the fuck over.
and just let me out. please.
- Right here. Rue?
- Yep.
Just fuckin' right up here.
[whispers] Alright.
Fuck!
Can I take a shower?
Yeah.
[water running]
["Drink Before the War" continues playing]
[Maddy] Get in the hot tub with us.
I don't. uh...
I don't. I don't really feel like it.
It's my birthday. come on.
- [Kat] Ooh. this feels so good.
- [Maddy] I know.
[ethereal music playing]
Can I borrow a shirt?
[Faith Evans' "Love Like This" playing]
- [laughs]
- Hi.
- Are you. are you okay?
- [Kat] Oh. oh.
- Oh. oh.
- It's okay.
- [Cassie] Shit.
[Nate] Yeah. it's okay.
- Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
[BB] I'm so glad you guys
are back together. Yeah!
- We're not back together.
- You're not?
No.
I mean. I was gonna say no.
but why are you saying no?
- Because we're not.
- I know.
but why do you sound
so definitive about it?
- I wasn't being definitive.
- It sounded like it.
- She just asked a question--
- That you didn't have to answer.
- Okay. yeah.
- But you did.
I don't understand
what we're arguing about.
You and your tone.
But we're not back together.
Yet.
[Maddy] Why don't just say.
"We're working it out."
[Nate] You literally just said
you were gonna say no.
- [Maddy] That's me.
- [Nate] Meaning what?
When I say it.
it means something totally different
- than when you say it.
- Okay.
It might seem that way in your head.
Maddy. but it's the same word.
Yeah. but it's also the speed
with which you said no.
- Gimme a fuckin' break.
- It was quick.
- It wasn't. no.
- It was like a reflex.
- It wasn't at all.
- It was like his natural instinct.
- It wasn't.
- It was hasty.
- You see?
You think she's
gonna disagree with you?
If I disagreed with her. then I would.
Okay.
What. you don't think
I have a mind of my own?
- No. I'm sure you do.
- Ooh. he's such a cunt!
- What the fuck is your problem?
- [Maddy] You see. I'm not crazy. right?
Because he's always tryin' to gaslight me.
- [Nate] I don't wanna argue about this.
- See. this is why I don't believe you
when you make all these promises.
and you're like. "Let's get back together.
"You're the only person
in the world I care about.
"You're a goddess. and it's my fault
for not treating you like a goddess.
"I promise. Maddy. I'll change. I'll grow.
"I'll be better. I don't deserve you.
"But I love you.
"Please. when I go
to college. move with me.
Marry me. Have my babies."
[girls screaming]
[gagging]
[Cassie] I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry. Maddy!
I'm sorry. Maddy.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's fine.
It's not fine. I ruined everything. Maddy.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
- It's not fine.
You're my best friend.
- and I'm sorry.
- What's going on?
It's okay. Oh. God. You threw up.
- Just get outta the tub.
- I'm so sorry. Maddy. I didn't-- [crying]
Maddy. you're my best friend.
Just get out!
- Oh. my God.
- What happened?!
[BB] Cassie threw up on all of us.
[Suze] Can somebody help me. please?!
- I'm sorry. Maddy.
- Use the bathroom!
Nate. get me a fucking towel!
[Cassie] Maddy. I'm sorry!
♪ Love like this before ♪
[Cassie crying]
♪ I never knew there was
A love like this before ♪
[continues crying]
♪ Never had someone to show me a love ♪
- ♪ Love like this before
- Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I never knew a love... ♪
[Spandau Ballet's "True" playing]
[sniffles]
♪ I know this much is... ♪
Are you crying?
♪ True ♪
[sniffles]
- You wanna wrestle?
- No.
[laughing]
- No. no. no. Hey.
- I'm gonna getcha.
- No. I'm good. Stop. Come on. man.
- See?
- I'm gonna getcha. I'm gonna getcha.
- No. I'm good. I'm good.
[Cal laughing]
What the fuck?!
[bartender] All right. man. That's enough.
- What. you wanna wrestle. too?
- Come on. man.
- Put your shirt back on.
- I was state champion. man.
- [bartender] Hey. Mr. Clean!
- Come on!
Oh. Jesus. you three wanna wrestle?
- You think you can take me?
- Your dance. cowboy.
- Out!
You think you can take me?
Let's do this. Let's do this. big boy.
[grunts] Oh. shit.
[groans]
[laughing]
Yes! Now. it's a party!
- [Cal continues laughing]
- Fuckin' out of here.
What?
I was just havin' fun. man.
No. man. I warned you. like.
10 fuckin' times
not to wrestle anybody.
You didn't fuckin' listen.
- You're never stepping foot in here again.
- Hey. hey...
You can't do that to me. man!
Hey. hey! You can't fuckin'
kick me out. man!
You can't do this to me. man!
- Hey!
- [knocking on window]
[muffled] I haven't been here
in. like. 20 years!
[Skatt Brothers'
"Life At The Outpost" playing]
I have good memories here. man.
You can't tell me I can't come back in!
Ah. fuck. Okay. all right.
All right.
Okay.
[sniffles]
[breathing heavily]
[engine starts]
["New Sensation" playing]
Fuck off!
Juliet. please. please!
You're next! We're in danger!
Please. listen to me! Something terrible!
- This movie is so real.
- [Fezco] Word.
[knocking on door]
- Yo. who the fuck is that?
- [banging on door]
- [banging continues]
- Yo!
Yo.
- What's up. man?
- Hey. man. I really gotta talk to you.
Um...
Mm. Hm.
Is everything good. bro?
Nah. man.
Nelson's baby mama showed up
asking all types of stupid-ass questions.
Fuuuck.
[INXS's "Need You Tonight" playing]
[howls]
♪ I've got to let you know ♪
♪ You're one of my kind ♪
Hey... are you okay?
Mm-mm. Hold on.
- Hey. hold on.
- I don't want to talk about it.
I really have to tell you somethin'.
Okay... Um...
I lied to you.
Rue's not sober.
She hasn't been since I met her.
She's been doing everything
from heroin to fentanyl to benzos.
And I know that because
I've been doing it with her.
And I'm so sorry.
I just didn't wanna keep lyin' to you.
[ethereal music playing]
[ethereal music continues playing]
♪ Lord. I'm tired ♪
♪ Hey. Lord. you know I'm tired ♪
♪ Hey Lord. you know I'm tired of tears ♪
♪ Hey. Lord. just cut me loose ♪
♪ Hey. Lord. you know I'm fighting ♪
♪ I'm sure this world is done with me ♪
♪ Hey. Lord. you know it's true ♪
♪ Now the tide is rolling in ♪
♪ I ain't tryin' to win ♪
♪ Let it take me ♪
♪ And I'll be on my way ♪
♪ How long can I stay ♪
♪ In a place that can't contain me? ♪
♪ Hey. Lord. you know I'm tired ♪
- [music swells]
- [choir vocalizing]
[singer vocalizing]
I'm sorry I let you down.
[Robert] Why?
[Rue] 'Cause I'm not a good person.
[Robert] That's not true.
[vocalizing]
[Rue] Yeah. but you don't
really know me anymore.
[Robert] Yes... I do. I'm always with you.
[Rue crying]
♪ Please don't say you need me ♪
I miss you so much.
♪ Release me ♪
I just miss you so much. Dad.
♪ One day you will see me ♪
♪ Believe me ♪
♪ Oh. please don't say you need me ♪
♪ One day you will see me ♪
♪ Believe me ♪
[laughing]
[unzips pants]
[straining]
[laughing]
[sighs]
Whoo!
- What. what are you doing?
- [laughing]
Are you. are you peeing?
Okay. Cal. what is wrong with you?
I think I'm lonely.
- What?
- I think I'm lonely.
Okay. look. could you
please put your penis away?
- No.
- Cal. I'm not gonna ask you again.
- Put your penis away.
- I am who I am.
- [door opens]
- Oh. fuck.
- Mom. what's goin' on?
- Okay.
- Put your dick away.
- Yo. Dad.
- what the fuck are you doing?
- I'm sorry.
[laughing] I was just...
I was just telling your mother
that I think I'm very lonely.
Okay. but. like. can you put your
fucking dick away?
[laughing]
Okay. Cal. Cal. this is not funny.
What's goin' on?
Dad's standing in the foyer
with his dick out.
- [Nate] What the fuck are you doing?
- I don't know.
You know what you three
assholes are lookin' at?
The man with no name.
What. what the fuck are you even saying?
Yo. what the fuck is going on. guys?
I'm a rogue.
I march to the beat of my own drum.
You guys should've seen me tonight.
I don't know if you would've been proud.
but... ya might've been impressed.
Cal. listen to me. I think you need
to see a doctor.
All right? You're not. you're not you.
No. Marsha. That's where you're wrong.
- I am 100 percent me.
- Okay. you're scaring me now.
You know why? 'Cause I'm a man.
I'm an animal.
- I'm a motherfuckin' Rottweiler.
- [sighs]
You know how many men I've fucked?
- [Aaron] What?!
- Cal. stop it.
- Aaron.
- Cal. please. Please stop.
Do you know how many men I've fucked?
Dad. why are you saying this?
- Guess.
- I don't understand.
Like. what the fuck is going on?
I had sex with a man for the first time...
when you... were in your mama's belly.
Dad. why the fuck are
you saying these things?
Like. have you lost your fucking mind?
You're talking about fucking men in front
of Mom when I was. what?
Like. what the fuck is wrong with you?
Who the fuck are you?
[Cal] Here's the funny thing... [zips pants]
If I said tonight that...
I went to the strip club. and I--
Whoo!
Picked up a real grade-A piece of ass...
huge tits. shaved pussy...
and I fucked the shit
outta her in my truck...
you wouldn't be one-tenth as appalled
as you are right now.
You wouldn't be standin' here saying.
"Dad what are you talkin' about?"
You'd be like. "Dad.
don't say that in front of Mom."
Fuck you... Fuck you.
You're a bunch of fuckin' hypocrites.
I'm a man.
I'll fuck whoever I want. whenever I want.
I'll fuck men. I'll fuck women.
I'll fuck transsexuals.
and I'll have a mighty fine time doin' it.
I eat what I kill.
I'm goin' to bed.
I'm a faggot... sexist. chaser. pig.
fuckin' creep. and I love it.
Living a double life?
Not my biggest regret.
You are.
But let's be honest.
we all live double lives.
Don't give me that look. Marsha.
You got that shoebox full of love letters
that camp counselor used to write you.
You saved them.
Flirting on Facebook...
I get it.
It feels good to know that you were loved
by somebody other than just me.
I'm not standin' here lookin' at you like.
"How could you?"
[door closes]
I mean. we all have secrets.
Aaron?
The porn on your fucking computer
made my jaw drop.
Marsha. come back! You saw it.
Your mother's the one who showed me.
Don't talk to me about secrets.
Watching eight people
cum on one person's face.
gang-bangs. fucking cum-funnels.
fuckin' pissin' in people's asses.
Jesus fuckin' Christ. man.
I got problems. you got problems.
You know. I was kind of uptight
when I met your mother.
She was a freak... and a fuckin' fox.
Marsha... you were a fuckin' fox!
Nathaniel...
Your whole fuckin' life's a secret.
A mystery.
Who knows about you?
I have lived with you.
I have raised you.
I am your father.
I know nothing about you.
That's not true. I know that you're angry.
I'm so sorry I fucked you up
with my double life.
[laughing]
Okay. maybe. I took mine to the extreme.
I'll admit that. but...
I have a problem.
But the reason I have
a problem is this family.
That's why.
I'm not allowed to form
an emotional connection.
And I'm an emotional guy.
You fuckers backed me into a corner.
But you know what?
I think you've set me free.
So...
this is farewell.
I left you with a little...
memory of me here
on the floor of the foyer. You...
two dickwads can draw straws to see
who cleans it up.
I'll see you assholes later.
[rafaelgagnon's
"Left Behind (Freestyle)" playing]
[rain pattering]
[Rue] I love you.
I love you.
I've always been with you.
[singer vocalizing]
From before you were born...
until after you're gone.
[thunder rumbling]
[Jules] Since before we ever existed.
♪ When there's no trust ♪
♪ Quite like us ♪
♪ In this whole world ♪
♪ In this world ♪
♪ When there's no control ♪
♪ Over your state ♪
♪ Mm. mm ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ When you think it's love ♪
♪ And you're all caught up ♪
♪ Need to escape ♪
♪ Like yesterday ♪
♪ Am I gonna get in the way ♪
♪ Of sweet relief ♪
♪ Just take me anywhere ♪
♪ Pick me up. drop me off ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ To kingdom come. Euphoria ♪
♪ Pick me up. drop me off ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ To Valhalla. Euphoria ♪
- ♪ Pick me up. drop me off ♪
- I wish
- ♪ I could take myself
- Oooh ♪
♪ To kingdom come. Euphoria ♪
♪ Oooh ♪